Promote Insecure RNG Query (#455)
github/codeql-go: change-notes/2020-12-14-insecure-randomness.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * Query "Use of insufficient randomness as the key of a cryptographic algorithm" (`go/insecure-randomness`) is promoted from experimental status. This checks for use of an insecure RNG in a security component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Query "Use of insufficient randomness as the key of a cryptographic algorithm" (`go/insecure-randomness`) is promoted from experimental status. This checks for use of an insecure random number generator in a security component.
```

This is probably obvious, but I'd suggest using the full term just in case 🙂
